# BEIT-Project_2020-2021

Title of the Project : Question Paper Generation at a Click Supporting  Outcome Based Learning
Group Members : AnmolSingh Paman, Rahul Rahi, Abhishek Jha

Our project basically aims at generating an unbiased Question Paper without repetitions of of Questions at a very fast speed. Since we know assessment process is an essential activity in educational institutions to test performance of the students. The level of examination papers is directly linked to evaluation of quality of the graduates passing out. Nevertheless, designing question papers is a very tedious task for the teachers. This system is aimed to replace manual method practiced by academics which is slow, requires resources and is very less secure as there are cases of Question Paper Leaks. This system is intended to enable academics to produce quality examination papers on just a click, that are unbiased, streamlined, randomized and secure while saving the time and resources in the assessment process. It includes MCQ, open-ended questions. We have 2 types of user- Admin and Faculty. In this, the role of Admin is to Approve a registered Faculty, Add a Branch, Add Subjects to the Branch, view and make changes to subject added in the Branch, Assign Faculty to the Subject and the Admin can also Generate the Question Paper. The second type of user is the Faculty. Tha Faculty can basically add questions to the Subject the Faculty has been assigned by selecting the Module, the Difficulty Level, The weightage marks of the Question. The faculty can also view all the questions added in the subject and also update questions that the Faculty has added. Lastly the Faculty can generate the Question paper by selecting the number of questions to be added from each module and also selecting the level of difficulty of the questions that are to be added in the Question Paper. System returns generated paper and exports it into user’s computer.